WI #557: Preview - Refinement of FOCUS Columns Normative Requirements (#664)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/availabilityzone.md

An [*availability zone*](#glossary:availability-zone) is a provider-assigned identifier for a physically separated and isolated area within a Region that provides high availability and fault tolerance. Availability Zone is commonly used for scenarios like analyzing cross-zone data transfer usage and the corresponding cost based on where [*resources*](#glossary:resource) are deployed.

---
The AvailabilityZone column adheres to the following requirements:

* AvailabilityZone is RECOMMENDED to be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports deploying resources or services within an *availability zone*.

> * If present, the column adheres to the following additional requirements:

Author: As suggested, in the simplified version, this line is omitted

> * If present, the column MUST conform to the following additional requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If present, AvailabilityZone adheres to the following additional requirements:
```

> * If present, the column MUST conform to the following additional requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If present, the column adheres to the following additional requirements:
```

Author: suggested change (MUST conform -> adheres) applied across the board

  * AvailabilityZone MUST be of type String.

>   * AvailabilityZone MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Discussed in Dec 10 TF1.  Propose postponing adding such requirements until lower-hanging fruit of consistency is collected.

Reviewer 2: Talking to Irena - she suggested postponing this due to provider conformance concerns.

Author: I suggest we discuss this in the TF-1 meeting. This [sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1IG8WfRag_Sy5AOZpfUdiaOMmrA_1yJndAMy6ywYSOmg/edit?gid=1714226587#gid=1714226587) can serve as the basis for our discussion.

Reviewer: Irena to place in list of discussion topics per AI https://github.com/FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec/issues/719.
